online store for:

Photography - all pictures, pretty much.

Pages:

Landing Page
About
Galleries - //different styles of photography here - scenery, portraits/family, macrophotography,
Contact //services, photo shoots? built-in email


Shopping cart/online store //prints/download-able, refers to paypal
Reviews built in...?



//rounded window at top to display menu options...

on side/below: about, contact reviews.

gallery options: scenery, portraits/family, fauna, culture



K. So in Gallery.php, I also want to make the number of columns fluid :) check!
, and add 'polaroid' areas for description and price. check :)
And make keywords show up on a mouseOver. :)
and make the picture become big and visible on a click. check! :)

K. So now, I want it to start reacting when I click on pictures in the gallery. When I click on pictures, I want them to maximize, the background fade, and display the caption, picture, price, etc. *I need to update the 'alt' tag in all of them as well, and have it so the caption comes up on hover!
I also want to change the search to match caption words as well as keywords!




BUG
Why does the button and price show up on expanded view? solved - because the onClick was attached to the div, not the image, and sent the whole div to SuperScreen with everything in it.

QUESTION When I use onlick to change a div's CSS, why does the z-index change back automatically but the background-color doesn't?

SQL:

Next: create the cart page and make the picture get added to the cart .... something... database slot? ... when it gets clicked.



Okay.When we click on the cart button, I want it to add the picture to the cart (via AJAX) and say it was added on the screen, but not go to the cart page. The AJAX response can hold a link to it as well.
I need to really clean up this page - it's getting very hard to follow and it could be much better.
I want the caption, price, and add-to-cart button to show up in the expanded view as well.

add cart.php as another tab, I think.


Ok. So I have AJAX working. The variables get to the page. Now, I need to figure out how I'm going to structure the cart - does it go into database or in the client storage thing I used in the Fishing Game? and then, I need to make it put it in the right place, set up a callback function and display a success/failure message on the page.
Then, I need to write the cart.php page so that it accesses that info and displays it. And go to checkout and possible user accounts from there.


Also, edit the navbar to show the cart and not about and reviews and contact.
